README.md, before:

# managr
managr is a unique, full stack browser based application designed to help sports and community clubs manage activity, administrators and players. 
managr's intent is to provide digitalisation of resource management at a local level, so that anyone who has a managerial role within a community club has simple and digital means to co-ordiante members of their organisations.

## User Story

As an administrator of a local sports team,
I want to be able to record and update information about my team through a digital application
so that it becomes easier to manage and oversee our activities.

## Acceptance Criteria
- GIVEN the manager web domain
- WHEN I load the page
- THEN I am presented with an option to login / sign up. 
- WHEN I select sign up
- THEN I am required to create an account with username, email and password. 
- WHEN I select login
- THEN I need to enter my login details.
- WHEN I am logged in
- THEN I am presented with the home page with two buttons, show team & create player. 
- WHEN I select `Show Team`
- THEN I am presented with a list of current team members
- WHEN I select `Create Player`
- THEN I am presented with 5 input fields `firstname` `surname` `email` `age` `position`
- WHEN I select the `sign them up!' button
- THEN the player I have created is added to my list of players
- WHEN I select the delete action in the table
- THEN the player within the same row is removed from the table
- WHEN I selct `logout`
- THEN I am returned to the home page

## Description

The application provides users with the ability to login and register an account. 
Once logged in, they can access a pre-filled football team, although the user has the ability to add and remove players from this team.

![Wireframe](Media/wireframe.jpg)

The team data itself is currently running from a Mongo backend database and we are connecting this data to the front end using
- queries for reading and posting
- mutations for manipulation of data set

![Form](Media/fromframe.jpg)


## Application

The application can be accessed here: https://aqueous-hollows-72320.herokuapp.com/

![SignUp](Media/signup.jpg)

![Show](Media/showplayer.jpg)

## Technologies used

- MongoDB - we elected this DB because we wanted to achieve seamless flow of json data between our front and backend
- Express - open source framework, simplifies application build through routing and increases time of delivery
- React - we want managr to be a single page application to enhance performance and improve user experience
- Node - was elected as it is useful for full stack deployments and enables us to connect both front and backend

- MUI Libraries - useful application - we were able to deploy active libraries to help with visual presentation of page and data

![Create](Media/createplayer.jpg)
Example above of a form taken and build using the MUI Library.

## Contributors

This app was created and distributed by Oscar Bryant, student of the USYD Coding Boot Camp

Oscar Bryant
https://github.com/oscarcbryant

Presentation Link

Project submission date - May 19th, 2022

Commit message:

including preso link in readme

README.md, after:

# managr
managr is a unique, full stack browser based application designed to help sports and community clubs manage activity, administration and players. 
managr's intent is to provide digitalisation of resource management at a local level, so that anyone who has a managerial role within a community club has digital means to co-ordiante members of their team.
Anyone can access managr - club, players and team managers can use the app to co-ordiante themselves and share information across the application on macro and micro level.
Managr can even be used by people of all ages (adults, parents, teenagers), across all sports of all categories, making it a highly inclusive application ready to be onsumed by all! 

## User Story

As an administrator of a local sports team,
I want to be able to record and update information about my team through a digital application
so that it becomes easier to manage and oversee our activities.

## Acceptance Criteria
- GIVEN the manager web domain
- WHEN I load the page
- THEN I am presented with an option to login / sign up. 
- WHEN I select sign up
- THEN I am required to create an account with username, email and password. 
- WHEN I select login
- THEN I need to enter my login details.
- WHEN I am logged in
- THEN I am presented with the home page with two buttons, show team & create player. 
- WHEN I select `Show Team`
- THEN I am presented with a list of current team members
- WHEN I select `Create Player`
- THEN I am presented with 5 input fields `firstname` `surname` `email` `age` `position`
- WHEN I select the `sign them up!' button
- THEN the player I have created is added to my list of players
- WHEN I select the delete action in the table
- THEN the player within the same row is removed from the table
- WHEN I selct `logout`
- THEN I am returned to the home page

## Description

The application provides users with the ability to login and register an account. 
Once logged in, they can access a pre-filled football team, although the user has the ability to add and remove players from this team.

![Wireframe](Media/wireframe.jpg)

The team data itself is currently running from a Mongo backend database and we are connecting this data to the front end using
- queries for reading and posting
- mutations for manipulation of data set

![Form](Media/fromframe.jpg)


## Application

The application can be accessed here: https://aqueous-hollows-72320.herokuapp.com/

![SignUp](Media/signup.jpg)

![Show](Media/showplayer.jpg)

## Technologies used

- MongoDB - we elected this DB because we wanted to achieve seamless flow of json data between our front and backend
- Express - open source framework, simplifies application build through routing and increases time of delivery
- React - we want managr to be a single page application to enhance performance and improve user experience
- Node - was elected as it is useful for full stack deployments and enables us to connect both front and backend

- MUI Libraries - we were able to deploy active libraries to help with visual presentation of page and data

![Create](Media/createplayer.jpg)
Example above of the form that was set using the MUI Library.

## Contributors

This app was created and distributed by Oscar Bryant, student of the USYD Coding Boot Camp

Oscar Bryant
https://github.com/oscarcbryant

Application walk through:
https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1I9nlVZJva2W8Eth3Nbh5ZT2IXIT7Dl2hJYAgooFw3lY/edit?usp=sharing

Project submission date - May 19th, 2022
